Scrum Meeting minutes from 10th November:
In this meeting, all five team members were present and discussed project progress, concerns, and tasks to be completed in the Sprint 2. Nihar started by giving an update on the progress and the upcoming deadlines. He mentioned how completing the Spring 2 early would be preferred given that the GitHub Release is scheduled during the Thanksgiving week. He also divided the work between the teammates. Jared talked about the bug he had in his Google Translate API and also discussed how to get the API key for the Google Translate API. Mrinal gave him some tips from his experience on how to setup the API keys and where to get the API keys from. Chris and Griffin also discussed the next most important tasks that need to be completed for the next sprint.

Scrum Meeting minutes from 14th November:
The meeting was attended by all five team members and was mainly focussed on the user study report discussions. Nihar started out by talking about what he found from the user study reports. Chris also gave his inputs based on his user study findings. Jared talked about some difficulties he faced in finding a person with a persona similar to what we were looking for. Mrinal knew someone with the required persona and so he decided to trade the persona with Jared. Griffin also talked about his updates on the design and structure of the code for the cart.  We also reassessed the priorities for the current sprint. We also committed to finish our tasks as soon as possible. We also discussed the Software Engineering Skills Activity that was due very soon.

Scrum Meeting minutes from 17th November:
In the meeting attended by all five team members, Nihar began by providing an overview of upcoming deadlines. Griffin gave his project update and also talked about the features he added since the last scrum meeting. Jared also gave update on his progress and his thanksgiving plans. Jared was also in a dilemma when everyone requested him to invite the whole team for a thanksgiving dinner at his place. However, because home addresses are private, we decided to just meet virtually. Chris also talked about how he aimed to design the manager page. Mrinal gave his project update. We also discussed some tasks to be completed in the 3rd and final sprint. We also discussed the Software Engineering Skills Activity towards the end.